# FS1000-IndividualFinalProject-MP <br><br>
 
 **North Stage Driver Application Portal**<br>
 The North Stage Driver Application Portal is a webpage created to allow the organizers of a drift event called North Stage to interact with their applicants, recieve all of the necessary information about their applicants in one place and communicate the status of their application directly to the applicant. North Stage Drift League is currently using a google form for their driver applications which leaves a lot to be desired in terms of information provided by the driver. Oftentimes, organizers are missing a lot of valuable information through the google form and the google form leaves no solution for having applicants provide photos of their vehicles or proof of their skill level. With the Application Portal, applicants (or drivers) will be able to provide organizers with photos and video of their drifting experience and vehicle condition allowing organizers to make the most informed decision possible about the status of their application. Furthermore, the Application Portal allows organizers to communicate the status of applications directly to the applicants leaving no room for error (typos in emails, emails getting flagged for junk or spam). The user (applicant) will be able to directly login to the portal and see the status of their application in realtime. Another issue that was brought up by previous drivers is not being able to see who else is driving the event. As a driver at a drift event it's helpful to see who else will be attending so you know you'll have friends you can comfortably drive with. The North Stage Driver Application Portal solves this problem by providing approved drivers and potential drivers with a clear and easy to see photo grid showing who will be attending upcoming events. The North Stage Driver Application Portal will eliminate the need for multiple channels to communicate with potential drivers through their application process and package everything into one easy to use website/web application while also conveying the style and branding that North Stage has created. 

**UX Design** <br>
https://www.figma.com/file/DUpnTZnlE87vrUuJbc8NuD/Michael-Persaud---FS1000-Individual-Project?node-id=0%3A1 <br><br>

**User Stories** <br>
As a **Driver**, I want to apply directly to the organizers so I can be sure my application wasn't lost or forgotten about. <br>
As a **Driver**, I want to be able to see how many of my friends are approved drivers and are attending the event so I can have a better idea of who I might see if I attend. <br>
As a **Driver**, I want to be able to communicate as many details as possible about my experience and vehicle so the organizers can make an informed decision about approving me. <br>
As a **Driver**, I want to see the status of my application, so I know if I should plan to have my vehicle and myself ready to attend the event. <br>
As an **Organizer**, I want to have see all of the drivers who would like to apply to the event so I can choose the best and most suitable vehicles and drivers to attend the event. <br>
As an **Organizer**, I want to communicate the status of the driver's application to the driver so they don't feel the need to ask directly whether they are approved or not. <br>
As an **Organizer**, I want the applicants to see all of the drivers currently attending so they have a better understanding of the criteria that needs to be met to attend the event. <br>
